Added documentation for suggesting Staging over STD Inserts (#23362)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/bigquery.md

### Step 1: Set up a data loading method

> Although you can load data using BigQuery's [`INSERTS`](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/dml-syntax), we highly recommend using a [Google Cloud Storage bucket](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/introduction) not only for performance and cost but reliability since larger datasets are prone to higher failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although you can load data using BigQuery's [`INSERTS`](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/dml-syntax), we highly recommend using a [Google Cloud Storage bucket](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/introduction) not only for performance and cost but reliability since larger datasets are prone to more failures when using standard inserts.
```
